	Version 0.5.4.beta2

Added third pass option and automatic switch to it on phase errors.

	Version 0.5.4.beta1

Phase error detection. Debug build option added.

	Version 0.5.3

Fixed bug: several errors give exit status 0.

	Version 0.5.2

Added warning when 64KB limit is crossed.

Now all warnings show line information.


	Version 0.5.1

Enhanced syntax for REPT allowing a control variable, initial
value and increment.

Macro parameters now are expanded inside REPT and IRP.

New ## operator for use inside MACRO definitions.

New .SHIFT directive for use inside MACRO definitions.

New --bin command line option to explicitly select raw binary mode.

Now the public symbol listing can be generated together with the
complete listing.


	Version 0.5.0

New directives .ERROR and .WARNING.

New operators HIGH, LOW, !, &&, || and conditional expression.

New synonims for existent operators: &, |, =, ~, !=, <, >, <=. >=,
<< and >>.

Brackets can now be used in addition to parenthesis to express
indirection, and the new bracket only mode allows only the
brackets to do it.

Now all number formats allow embedded '$'.

Now '$' in identifiers are stripped after checking reserved words.

Warnings on some instructions that looks like errors.

New option to warn when instructions not valid for 8080 are used.

New option to generate 8086 code from z80 sources.

Now can create .tzx and .cdt tape images, with or without basic loader,
and cp/m 86 cmd files.

The interaction between macros and ifs is better handled, for example
MACRO, REPT and IRP directives can be used inside IF blocks.

REPT argument now can be 0.

Warnings when expressions that looks like inexistent instructions are
used.

Debug ouput much more clean and complete.

Source files now are not readed several times.


	Version 0.4.0

Debug messages for autolocal blocks where showed even when
no using debug options, fixed.

PROC and LOCAL now can be used in autolocal mode.

-v, -E and --equ command line options.

DEFINED operator.

Corrected bug in ENDIF inside nested IF.


	Version 0.3.7

Added --alocal option for autolocal mode.


	Version 0.3.6

Added -I option.

Bug in tap checksum code fixed.

Added --nocase option.


	Version 0.3.5

Command line option -err to send error messages to standard output.


	Version 0.3.4

Undocumented instructions SLL.


	Version 0.3.3

Some undocumented Z80 instructions are now accepted. See undoc.asm.


	Version 0.3.2

Some error messages are now more clear.

Bug $ evaluated to the current item position and not the beginning of
the current instruction or directive, corrected.

The '%' is now an operator (same as MOD keyword).

Now an expression that begins with parenthesis is accepeted
in some situations where a "(register)" specification is
possible that gives error in previous versions.


	Version 0.3.1

New output format --tapbas

The '*' and '/' tokens were not processed, fixed.


	Version 0.3.0

Dependencies corrected.

Numbers with & prefix.

Corrected bug in LD A and LD simple.

DEFL, MACRO, REPT, IRP, ENDM and EXITM directives.

Error "Unbalanced PROC" now show the line of the PROC not closed.

NUL operator.

C style strings more complete.


	Version 0.2.4

LOCAL, PROC and ENDP directives. See local.asm for sample.


	Version 0.2.3

Added output format MSX.

Line number at the beginning of line is now admitted.

Operators EQ, LT, LE, GT, GE and NE.

'@' and '.' now can be used in identifiers.


	Version 0.2.2

Debug output control.


	Version 0.2.1

Line number of error was incorrectly showed, corrected.

INCBIN directive.

Decimal numeric literals greater than 65535 now are truncated instead of
rejected.

Binary numbers prefixed with %.

File names now can be quoted with single or double quotes.


	Version 0.2.0

Added the object format .tap and the --name option.


	Version 0.1.1

The offset in instructions on (ix + offset) or (iy + offset) now can
also be (ix - offset) or (iy - offset).


	Version 0.1.0

Added code generation in PRL format for use in CP/M Plus RSX.
